Que 1:If a question is asked that has not  previously defined,the chatbot
will not be chatbots based on artificial intelligence are able to process
natural language understanding (NLU)

Chatbot FAQs – The Most Common Chatbot Questions Answered!
1. What are chatbots and how do they work?
Chatbots are essentially a form of automated service that customers can communicate with 
via text or voice on different channels, e.g. website, Facebook Messenger, phone, other applications or 
via voice assistants such as Amazon Alexa, 
Google Assistant.

What’s important to understand is that there are two types of chatbots – 
the ones structured by hardcoded questions/answers and the ones that are able to learn through Machine Learning.
"The first type has a smaller knowledge base and limited skills. They can only give correct output based on 
specific instructions, meaning the questions asked must correspond to their set programming."

"Chatbots that are able to semi-automatically learn can understand natural language and therefore do not need 
as specific commands. That means bots based on Machine Learning get smarter with every interaction. 
The effort behind these automated systems is of course much greater."

2- Are all chatbots based on AI?
As already mentioned, we differentiate between two types of chatbots: Rule-based and AI-based chatbots.
As already mentioned,we differentiate between two types of chatbots:Rule-based and AI-based chatbots.
with a rule-based chatbot,possible user queries and potential ansewers are defined in advance.if a 
question.
"In contrast to rule-based bots,chatbots based on artificial intelligence are able to process natural
language. this is done with the help of natural language understanding (NLU).AI-based chatbots are able
to learn semi-automatically.
3-How do you know if a chatbot is right for your business?
"Chatbots are suitable for many industries and use cases.they are well known to be able to provide excellent
customer service,but there are also some great examples of chatbots in marketing & sales".
  
Ask yourself these questions before implementing a chatbot:
-> How often does your company have direct customer contact?
-> Does your customer service receive recurring requests frequently?
-> How intensive are your customer requests?
-> Which communication channels do your customers prefer?
-> What added value can a chatbot create for your business?

4. How can chatbots have better conversations?
-> "Two very important factors for the overall performance of a chatbot are the structure and quality of the data that are available for answering questions. 
    This is where Knowledge Graphs come in ".
-> "Knowledge Graph is a synonym for a special kind of knowledge representation. It stores facts in the form of edges between nodes in a graph. 
   In addition, most knowledge graphs also store the schema of the data.
   Knowledge Graphs develop their full potential, especially with large and complex data structures".
-> "When used for chatbots, a Knowledge Graph offers two direct advantages – improved data integration and simultaneous improvement of conversations".

-> "New data sources can be integrated more easily since they only have to be brought to a single specific format 
   and scheme. Knowledge Graphs also offer increased flexibility for expanding existing knowledge. That way, 
   new facts are saved directly as new nodes and edges in the graph."


-> "It is also possible to link several Knowledge Graphs without any problems, either using the same nodes or adding 
   new edges. This allows to build up a modernly managed corporate knowledge base, which can be retrieved via API and 
   voice interfaces using natural language."
5. How much does a Chatbot cost?
   
   Unfortunately, this question is not as easy to answer as “How much is a can of soda?”.
-> The investment that you put into a chatbot depends on various factors. Things such as the complexity of the bot, 
   its AI capabilities, how it is built, technical integrations, infrastructure, launch & post-launch support and 
   more have to be considered when you calculate or compare the cost of a chatbot.

   "While you can sometimes get started for free with very basic bot builders, 
   for bots built with more advanced bot builders you often pay setup fees that can range 
   anywhere from € 1000 to € 15000+ and monthly retainers between € 100 to € 5000+."

6. How does the implementation process of a chatbot look like? 
 
   ->TOP 10 CHATBOT DEVELOPER INTERVIEW QUESTIONS & ANSWERS :
    Chatbot Developer
   "A chatbot developer is one who develops chatbots which are computer programs which can have real conversations 
using a chat interface. He is one who has a deep understanding of software development, chatbot platforms, AI, 
and machine learning, to name a few. His work would involve collaborating with cross-functional teams to define, 
construct, and ship new chatbots, developing software to analyze customer needs and design, managing production 
support issues, developing chatbots and other AI-based support systems, and providing technical expertise to analyze 
various aspects of the organization such as software, hardware, and IT infrastructure".
  
  "Having understood who a chatbot developer is, let us now analyze the questions and answers asked in interview 
  sessions conducted to hire chatbot developers."
  1. What is a chatbot?
  "A chatbot is an Artificial Intelligence (AI) software used to stimulate conversations with users in a natural 
language through telephones, websites, messages, and mobile apps. A chatbot responds based on the input from a user. 
These are smart robots which answer questions. They receive the questions, process them by understanding the question, and then deliver the answer that the user needs".

2. How does the chatbot understand what the customer is trying to convey?
   "The chatbot is trained with actual chat data. Companies which already make use of human-powered chat have logs of 
the previous conversations. These logs are used to analyze what people are asking and what they intend to convey. 
With a combination of machine learning models and an ensemble of tools, the user’s questions are matched with their 
intents. Models are trained in such a way that the bot is able to connect similar questions to a correct intent and 
produce the correct answer ".

3. How do we teach the bot?
   "It is taught in the same way as humans are taught but at a larger scale and in a much faster manner. 
To teach a human customer service representative, we provide them with manuals which they read and understand 
and apply in a practical setting while performing the work. In the case of chatbots, thousands of conversation 
logs are shown to it and from that, it understands the nature of questions and the types of answers it needs to 
provide ". 

4. How does the bot know when it needs to converse with a human?
   "At the end of each conversation with a chatbot, the question, ‘Did we help you?’ is asked and if we answer ‘No,’ 
   the conversation is forwarded to human support. The same way when a chatbot is unable to understand a question 
   provided by a human, it will forward the conversation by itself to human customer support".
5. How does the bot continue to learn once it’s life and how do we make sure it doesn’t start behaving or speaking 
   in an inappropriate manner?
  -> "Once the bot is set-up and starts interacting with customers, smart feedback loops are implemented. 
    When customers ask questions, chatbots give them certain options in order to understand their questions and 
needs more clearly. This information is used to retrain the model thereby ensuring the accuracy of the chatbot. 
There are also guarding systems which have been implemented to make sure that the bot doesn’t change based on a 
few replies. This is also ensured by making sure that the bot simply just doesn’t rephrase what people tell it but 
is actually taught to answer questions the way its owner (the company) wants it to answer".
6. Can the bot be controlled once it is live?
   "Yes, absolutely. The chatbot has been programmed to understand specific questions. The developing company can 
decide the extent to which it wants to expand or shrink its understanding".
7. What are the key benefits of chatbots to business applications?
  "It saves time and money and improves customer experience. It helps get feedback from actual users in real-time. 
Chatbots get smarter with time. They reduce the need for human intervention as the User Interface (UI) is generated 
automatically in many cases. For businesses with powerful front-end tooling, it can help in setting up cognitive 
chatbots in all your channels."
8. What languages and technologies should a chatbot developer be well-versed in to build chatbots?
  "One needs to have a fair knowledge of back-end technologies and analytics. Languages used for developing 
chatbots are Java, C#, Python, and Node JS. To be able to answer arbitrary questions and to develop these smart 
robots, a deep understanding of machine learning, artificial intelligence, Natural Language Understanding (NLU), 
and Google Cloud Natural Language API (Application Programming Interface) is required ".

9. Will chatbots replace mobile apps in the future?
  "AI-powered bots working with voice and text may become a common feature and an everyday activity of humans. 
It will become as regular as 3G internet and 3D printing are in today’s scenario. In the close future,
chatbots will become more human-like that it will be possible to ask a bot to make something for you which 
the bot will carry out if it is possible. They will become more like personal assistants to carry out our 
routine tasks such as buying groceries, paying bills, searching for holiday destinations, and much more".

10. What are some of the most popular companies using chatbots?
  "Some renowned financial leaders and top brands in the IT industry use chatbots for customer support and 
automation of business processes. CNN, Wall Street Journal, Microsoft, NASA, Hubspot, and Skyscanner are some 
of the prominent companies on this list  According to UK-based firm, Juniper Research, chatbots can help 
businesses save $8 billion annually worldwide by 2022."
 
Conclusion :
"A chatbot is referred to as one of the most promising expressions of interaction between machines and humans.
Chatbot applications help streamline interactions between people and services. It offers new opportunities for 
companies to improve operational efficiency and customer engagement process.
This helps bring down the cost of customer services. An effective and efficient chatbot 
solution is one that can perform both these tasks. Human intervention is necessary to configure, train, 
and optimize the chatbot.
To understand the perfect chatbot application that would be suitable for a specific purpose, one needs to 
use a combination of different AI forms such as semantic understanding, machine learning, and natural language 
processing".

CHATBOT
"TAGSCHATBOT DEVELOPER, CHATBOT DEVELOPER INTERVIEW, CHATBOT EXPERT, CHATBOT JOB, CHATBOTS, CHTABOT, 
INTERVIEW QUESTION ANSWERS, TECHNOLOGY, TOP 10 INTERVIEW QUESTION ANSWERS"
  
   
5. 5. How does the bot continue to learn once it’s life and how do we make sure it doesn’t start behaving or speaking


 in an inappropriate manner?

Que - What is the purpose of Chatbots?
Ans - Chatbot applications streamline interactions between people and services, enhancing customer experience. 
At the same time, they offer companies new opportunities to improve the customers engagement process and 
operational efficiency by reducing the typical cost of customer service.
Que - Which are AI based Chatbots?
Ans - Best AI Chatbot
1-Manychat 2)Lanbot 3)Hyro 4)REVE chatbot 5)Xenioo  6)survey-sparrow 7)Flowxo
 8) Amplify.ai 9)Botsify 10)
  
Que -What is AI  based chatbots?
Ans -A chatbot is a program that simulates a text- or speech-based human-to-human conversation using artificial
intelligence (AI), providing an authentic, straightforward experience. Many different technologies can be considered 
chatbots, ranging from automated phone menus to sophisticated marketing bots that can engage with customers on social media.


Que - What is AI based Chatbot?

  But my chatbot is AI chatbot is a software that can simulate a user conversation with a natural
  language through messaging applications.it increases user response rate by being available 24/7
  on your website.AI chatbot saves your time,money,and gives better customer satisfaction.
   
 Que - How does an AI chatbot work?
 Ans - A chatbot is programmed to work independently from a human operator. 
 It can answer questions formulated to it in natural language and respond like a real person. It provides
 responses based on a combination of predefined scripts and machine learning applications.

Que - Problem statement:Artificial intelligence chatbot is a technology that makes interactions between man and 
machines using natural language possible. ... Chatbot can give
different responses from the same input given by user according to current conversation issue.

->In my projects

  "It is an AI chatbot, using Long Short Term Memory, the problem statements 
 (this is straightforward, what is the purpose of a chatbot) and advantages are things that you can get from google."
   
 


  
